docs: Clarify endpoint locations for JWT and Email IdP (#458)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/06-concepts/11-authentication/04-providers/02-email/01-setup.md

}
```

> Then, extend the abstract endpoint to expose it on the server, by creating a new endpoint file in your `lib/src/endpoints/` directory to expose the email-specific authentication routes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then extend the abstract endpoint to expose the email authentication routes on the server. Create the file anywhere under your server's `lib/` directory (for example, `<project>_server/lib/src/endpoints/`); the generator picks it up:
```
